README.md, before:

# Okta Vue + Okta Hosted Login Example

This example shows you how to use the [Okta Vue Library][] to log in a user to a Vue application.  The login is achieved through the [PKCE Flow][], where the user is redirected to the Okta-Hosted login page.  After the user authenticates they are redirected back to the application with an ID Token and Access Token.

This example is built with [Vue CLI][].

This code sample demonstrates:
* Configuring Okta
* Sign-in and sign-out
* Protecting routes
* Displaying user profile information from the ID Token
* Adding a component that adds the Access Token to HTTP calls

## Prerequisites

Before running this sample, you will need the following:

* [The Okta CLI Tool](https://github.com/okta/okta-cli#installation)
* An Okta Developer Account (create one using `okta register`, or configure an existing one with `okta login`)

## Get the Code

Grab and configure this project using `okta start vue`.

Follow the instructions printed to the console.

## Run the Example

To run this application, install its dependencies:

```
npm install
```

With variables set, start your app:

```
npm start
```

Navigate to http://localhost:8080 in your browser.

If you see a home page that prompts you to login, then things are working!  Clicking the **Log in** button will redirect you to the Okta hosted sign-in page.

You can sign in with the same account that you created when signing up for your Developer Org, or you can use a known username and password from your Okta Directory.

> **Note:** If you are currently using your Developer Console, you already have a Single Sign-On (SSO) session for your Org.  You will be automatically logged into your application as the same user that is using the Developer Console.  You may want to use an incognito tab to test the flow from a blank slate.

## Integrating The Resource Server

If you were able to successfully login in the previous section you can continue with the resource server example. Please download and run one of these sample applications in another terminal:

* [Node/Express Resource Server Example](https://github.com/okta/samples-nodejs-express-4/tree/master/resource-server)
* [Java/Spring MVC Resource Server Example](https://github.com/okta/samples-java-spring-mvc/tree/master/resource-server)
* [ASP.NET Core Web API Resource Server Example](https://github.com/okta/samples-aspnetcore/tree/master/samples-aspnetcore-2x/resource-server)

Once you have the resource server running (it will run on port 8000) you can visit the `/messages` page within the Vue application to see the authentication flow. The Vue application will use its stored access token to authenticate itself with the resource server, you will see this as the `Authorization: Bearer <access_token>` header on the request if you inspect the network traffic in your browser.

## Helpful resources

* [Learn about Authentication, OAuth 2.0, and OpenID Connect][]
* [Get started with Vue][]

## Help

Please visit our [Okta Developer Forums][].

[Okta CLI]: https://cli.okta.com
[Vue CLI]: https://github.com/vuejs/vue-cli
[PKCE Flow]: https://developer.okta.com/docs/guides/implement-auth-code-pkce
[Okta Vue Library]: https://github.com/okta/okta-vue
[Learn about Authentication, OAuth 2.0, and OpenID Connect]: https://developer.okta.com/docs/concepts/
[Get started with Vue]: https://v3.vuejs.org/guide/introduction.html
[Okta Developer Forums]: https://devforum.okta.com

Commit message:

Add "offline_access" scope to support refresh tokens.

README.md, after:

# Okta Vue + Okta Hosted Login Example

This example shows you how to use the [Okta Vue Library][] to log in a user to a Vue application.  The login is achieved through the [PKCE Flow][], where the user is redirected to the Okta-Hosted login page.  After the user authenticates they are redirected back to the application with an ID Token and Access Token.

This example is built with [Vue CLI][].

This code sample demonstrates:
* Configuring Okta
* Sign-in and sign-out
* Protecting routes
* Displaying user profile information from the ID Token
* Adding a component that adds the Access Token to HTTP calls

## Prerequisites

Before running this sample, you will need the following:

* [The Okta CLI Tool](https://github.com/okta/okta-cli#installation)
* An Okta Developer Account (create one using `okta register`, or configure an existing one with `okta login`)

## Get the Code

Grab and configure this project using `okta start vue`.

Follow the instructions printed to the console.

## Enable Refresh Token

Sign into your [Okta Developer Edition account](https://developer.okta.com/login/) to add a required setting to your Vue Okta app to avoid third-party cookies. Navigate to **Applications** > **Applications** and select "okta-vue-sample" application to edit. Find the **General Settings** and press **Edit**. Enable **Refresh Token** in the **Grant type** section. **Save** your changes.

## Run the Example

To run this application, install its dependencies:

```
npm install
```

With variables set, start your app:

```
npm start
```

Navigate to http://localhost:8080 in your browser.

If you see a home page that prompts you to login, then things are working!  Clicking the **Log in** button will redirect you to the Okta hosted sign-in page.

You can sign in with the same account that you created when signing up for your Developer Org, or you can use a known username and password from your Okta Directory.

> **Note:** If you are currently using your Developer Console, you already have a Single Sign-On (SSO) session for your Org.  You will be automatically logged into your application as the same user that is using the Developer Console.  You may want to use an incognito tab to test the flow from a blank slate.

## Integrating The Resource Server

If you were able to successfully login in the previous section you can continue with the resource server example. Please download and run one of these sample applications in another terminal:

* [Node/Express Resource Server Example](https://github.com/okta/samples-nodejs-express-4/tree/master/resource-server)
* [Java/Spring MVC Resource Server Example](https://github.com/okta/samples-java-spring-mvc/tree/master/resource-server)
* [ASP.NET Core Web API Resource Server Example](https://github.com/okta/samples-aspnetcore/tree/master/samples-aspnetcore-2x/resource-server)

Once you have the resource server running (it will run on port 8000) you can visit the `/messages` page within the Vue application to see the authentication flow. The Vue application will use its stored access token to authenticate itself with the resource server, you will see this as the `Authorization: Bearer <access_token>` header on the request if you inspect the network traffic in your browser.

## Helpful resources

* [Learn about Authentication, OAuth 2.0, and OpenID Connect][]
* [Get started with Vue][]

## Help

Please visit our [Okta Developer Forums][].

[Okta CLI]: https://cli.okta.com
[Vue CLI]: https://github.com/vuejs/vue-cli
[PKCE Flow]: https://developer.okta.com/docs/guides/implement-auth-code-pkce
[Okta Vue Library]: https://github.com/okta/okta-vue
[Learn about Authentication, OAuth 2.0, and OpenID Connect]: https://developer.okta.com/docs/concepts/
[Get started with Vue]: https://v3.vuejs.org/guide/introduction.html
[Okta Developer Forums]: https://devforum.okta.com
